## Definitions

### World<a name='world'/>


A subject of study plus everything that interacts with it
directly or indirectly. It is normally referred to as "the" world
because it is everything that exists from the subject's
perspective. An interaction can be modeled as a flow of information,
for some definition of information to be specified. A world is
isolated from everything else, and therefore anything modeled within
the world cannot learn anything about the existence or the nature of
other worlds.



### Model<a name='model'/>


An unambiguous representation of the [world](#world). As such, a model
can in principle, given sufficient technology, be translated into
another language and recovered back without loss. A model is
necessarily simpler than the world in which it can be expressed. An
example of a simple model is the representation of the sun and the
earth as points in a 2-dimensional Euclidean space, with the sun being
immobile and the earth rotating in a circular orbit over a one-year
period. Elementary mathematical knowledge is sufficient to read and
copy this model without mistakes. Our definition of a model includes
any arrangement of information that is believed to form a world model
but may not be accessed or copied in its entirety. For example, a
human body, mostly in its brain, holds world model, some of which was
learned by interacting with it since birth. While we may not have the
technology to copy correctly and completely the relevant information
from a human brain, we assume it's all in there. Such world model
that's a necessary part of any human mind shall not be confused with
whatever explicit models a thinker or scientist can construct and
publish.


## Tutorials

## Case Studies

## Discussions

